RT-2833: (audit) fhir4-audit OAuth role for AuditEvent access in hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter (#106)
elimuinformatics/hapi-fhir-jpaserver-starter: docs/auditevent-implementation-guide.md

- **Privacy/security constraints:**
  - Do not include PHI names or query strings in persisted audit records.
- Use identifier-based references (`Reference.identifier`) for provider/patient context in Phase 1 launch events.

>   - Both `audit_role` and `admin_role` can read/search/history `AuditEvent`.

Reviewer: The code (and the `auditEventPost_auditRole_allowsAll` test) also grants `audit_role` **create** access, not just read/search/history — and `user_role` can create as well (Phase 1 launches). This line only documents the read side, so it understates who can create. Suggest splitting create from read so the matrix is complete:

```suggestion
  - `user_role`, `admin_role`, and `audit_role` can create `AuditEvent`.
  - `admin_role` and `audit_role` can read/search/history `AuditEvent`.
```

- **Privacy/security constraints:**
  - Do not include PHI names or query strings in persisted audit records.
- Use identifier-based references (`Reference.identifier`) for provider/patient context in Phase 1 launch events.
  - `user_role`, `audit_role` and `admin_role` can read/search/history `AuditEvent`.

>   - `admin_role` and `audit_role` can read/search/history `AuditEvent`.

Reviewer: This isn't quite what I meant, and as written it's now incorrect: line 42 says `user_role` can **read/search/history** `AuditEvent`, but `user_role` can only **create** — the interceptor denies `user_role` on GET/`_search` (`authorizeAuditEventRequest` requires admin-or-audit), and that's locked in by the `buildRuleList_auditEventGet_userRole_isUnauthorized` test. The two lines are also now duplicates. The point of the original comment was to split *create* from *read*:

```suggestion
  - `user_role`, `audit_role`, and `admin_role` can create `AuditEvent`.
  - `audit_role` and `admin_role` can read/search/history `AuditEvent`.
```
